**PCC Project Coordination Meeting Minutes**
* Meeting called by Klaus-Rüdiger Hase
* When: Monday, 1st of July, 14:30 - 18:00
* Where: Building of UCI, Paris
* Minutes taken by Bernd Hekele
* Participants: Baseliyos Jacob (DB), Bernd Hekele (DB), Frank Golatowski (uni-rostock), Frederique Vallee (All4tec),  Gilles Dalmas (sncf), Jan Welte (tu-bs), Klaus-Rüdiger Hase (DB), Marc Behrens (dlr), Michael Ditze (twt), Michael Jastram (formalmind), Patricia Langle (systerel), Peter Mahlmann (DB), Stephane Lubiarz (institut-telecom) 

# Topics:
1. Participation
1. Rehearsal Preparation
1. PCA Status
1. FPP Status
1. Effort Sheet
1. Ways to improve cooperation

# Findings:
###1. Participation<CR>

45 % the share of participating partners was about 45 %. The share  is sufficient for voting.

###2. Rehearsal Preparation<CR>
Presentation for rehearsal are available. There is still a open issue (SMART Targets) Proposal are welcome.

###3. PCA Status<CR>
Document has been reviewed on Thursday, June 27th. All open issues have been closed in the meeting. The updated document (version 2.0.1) has been distributed after the review meeting.
After the review meeting the following changes have been identified and will be corrected in the document:
* Version and date of annexes (FPP and budget)
* We need to collect all signatures of all partners. Therefore, the for each signiture a separate page has to be created.
Some partners have requested the chance for the company lawyer to have a last check on the wording. Therefore, the document will be sent again to the partners with a short period (2 calendar weeks)for a final check.

No further changes are requested. The document has been accepted by voting:  10 (ten)  Yes, 0 (nil) No

###4. FPP Status<CR>
The document has been reviewed on Thursday, 27th of June. During the review session open issues have been closed (version 3.0.1). Some minor inconsistencies have been identified after the meeting and will be corrected (project plan, allocation of task in WP5, version number in page header). 

No further changes are requested. The document has been accepted by voting: 10 (ten)  Yes, 0 (nil) No

Notes when writing:
Pierre Francois Jauquet (Alstom BE) announced, the FPP comments he had posted for the review have not sufficiently considered (issues #33 - #38 on Github management repository).
Issues have been reopened for clarification. 

###5. Effort Sheet
Efforts hare handled different by members regarding the fees for ITEA organisation. It is discussed to deliver efforts to ITEA without ITEA fee. Project Office will send a recommendation on how to proceed.

###6. Ways to improve our cooperation: 
Thanks for the active participation in this part of the meeting.
We will take your comments to start an openETCS project management improvement backlog.