
\documentclass[a4paper, 11pt]{article}
\usepackage[ascii]{inputenc}
\usepackage{supertabular}
\usepackage[ngerman]{babel}
\usepackage{amsmath}
\usepackage{amssymb,amsfonts,textcomp}
\usepackage {geometry}
\geometry{a4paper,top=25mm,left=30mm,right=25mm,bottom=30mm}
\usepackage{color}
\usepackage{array}
\usepackage{hhline}
\usepackage{hyperref}
\hypersetup{colorlinks=true, linkcolor=blue, citecolor=blue, filecolor=blue, urlcolor=blue}

\begin{document}
{\begin{center}\huge\bf openETCS PMB Meeting Minutes\end{center}}
%{\begin{center}\huge\bf Project Management Board (PMB)\end{center}}
\section{Meeting Information}

\renewcommand{\arraystretch}{1.5}
\begin{supertabular}{m{.2\textwidth}m{.8\textwidth}}
%\hline
Subject & PMB Weekly Scrum: Project Management Board\\
Date \& time & 2013-07-12, 11:30h--12:00h\\
Location & Telco and Goto-Meeting\\
Called up by & Klaus-R\"udiger Hase\\
Participants &
Sylvain Baro,
Marc Behrens,
Cyril Cornu,
Klaus-R\"udiger Hase,
Bernd Hekele,
Baseliyos Jacob,
Gilles Dalmas,
%Pierre Francois Jauquet,
%Ainhoa Gracia,
Frank Golatowski,
Jonas Helming,
Michael Jastram,
%Bego\~na Laibarra,
Marielle Petit-Doche,
Peter Mahlmann,
Merlin Pokam,
Christophe Ponsard,
Stefan Rieger,
Uwe Steinke,
%Izaskun de la Torre,
%J\"urgen Weiss,
Jan Welte
Giovanni Zanelli
\\

Minutes by & Bernd Hekele\\

%\hline
\end{supertabular}
\renewcommand{\arraystretch}{1.0}

%\line(1,0){440}

\section{{Agenda}}
\begin{itemize}
\item Weekly Update\\
\item Make ITEA slides public\\
\item PCC meeting scheduled on demand\\
\end{itemize}

\section{Discussion}
\begin{itemize}
\item Weekly Update\\
A weekly update of WP1 is now available on a regular base: \url{https://github.com/openETCS/governance/wiki/Project-Management}\\
Since WP1 also covers project management and reporting we will use this update for issues related to the PMB. 

WP3 requested to discuss on the tool- (chain) selection process.\\
Klaus pointed to the voting procedure defined in the PCA.\\
It was not accepted to change the plan or the procedure for selecting tools. Michael will continue to work on the toolchain document "Report on the final choices for the primary toolchain" (D7.1). Contributions are welcome.\\

\end{itemize}

\section{Notes}
Today's scrum meetings were heavily disturbed by technical faults in the goto-meetings.\\
WP3, WP4, SSRS and the PMB in the afternoon just suffered.\\
WP7 could not be started (participants were not able to join).\\
The ITEA Debriefing meeting had to be postponed.

\end{document}
